Welcome!

My name is Luis Morelos and I have created this repository to showcase a few of my coding projects in hopes that viewers can guage my expertise in the field of programming.

Included are the following:
1. Arduino C and Java Robot: A robot made up of two motors, two wheels, and an ultrasonic sensor. I have constructed the robot using an arduino kit and have coded two modes: a self driving mode in which the robot drives forward until it senses an obstacle and then turns slightly to repeat the process, and a remote control mode in which you are able to give commands corresponding to certain directions such as forward or left. The modes are coded in Arduino C, but the commands are given through a Java program. I then coded communication on a byte sized level between the Java and Arduino C programs in order to be able to send over bytes of information. I had to create a magic number byte so the Arduino program knows when to read information and multiple key bytes so the program knows the size and function of each command sent from the java program. The arduino program expects certain letters, such as an "f", that tell it to drive in certain directions. The robot's modes are toggled through a button placed on it, and it can be powered on/off through a switch also installed on the robot itself.
2. Food Scanning Website: A website coded in python using the Streamlit framework. It utilizes two APIs that allow the website to take in a jpg/png input image, analyze it, determine the food type and ingredients, and finally create a table of information about the food. The user is told the amount of calories, the nutritional value of certain ingredients, and there is an option to switch out the ingredient for another if the API possibly messes up. Navigating to other pages on the website reveals a user specific macro nutrient goal calculator that calculates the amount of each macro nutrient you will need based on provided information such as weight/height. There is also a section where you can check how much of your goal is given by the meal you provided a picture of, and a section where you can use the other API to search the web for recipes that include the afforementioned meal/ingredients you provided a picture of.
3. HTML and CSS YouTube: A mock up of YouTube's front page using HTML and CSS. This was my first front end project where I learned some basics such as how HTML and CSS interact with each other and how tools like flexbox can be utilized for cleaner front end layouts.
4. Java Snake Game: A copy of the famous snake game where you control a snake that eats fruits, grows larger, and dies if run into the wall/itself. I used a Java API to draw different frames of the game and, through continuous updating of the drawn frames, I can create animation that moves the sake in a certain direction. There are also drawn fruit objects that add a snake body component to the snake linked list object and grow its size when animated. I also added black circles that act as walls. They are slowly added over time as the snake increases in size and immediately end the game if the snake runs into them.
5. JavaScript Amazon: A mock up of Amazon's front page, shopping cart, and product buying page made using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This project was my first introduction to JavaScript and allowed me to learn things such as creating HTML code through loops and the `` operator, how to update the page when a button is pressed in order to give the webpage some interactivity, and how to work with the current date and time in order to tell the user when the product will arrive. The webpage consists of a front page where there are multiple different products to view, their pictures, star ratings, and other such information. You can add these items to the cart or buy them directly. There is also a product buying page where you can select when you wish the product will arrive and how many of each product you want. There is also a price calculator so you know how much your total order will cost. I have also added some tests, both manually and also using a testing framework called Jasmine, in order to test the functionality of certain functions and parts of my JS code more efficiently.
6. C++ Command Prompt: A mock up of the Linux command terminal but only for file management. I have used several object oriented programming patterns in order to achieve this, such as the visitor and factory patterns. This makes it so that my code is extremely compartmental and easy to change/access. Every part of the command prompt is made using a class, meaning there are a bunch of different objects that are created and managed by my code in order to create the final result. The user is able to create text and image files, add password protected files, delete said files, write to them, append to them, copy them, rename them, view all files currently in the file management system, view their raw data such as size and name, etc. These commands are objects that can be added to the command prompt object or even combined together in macro command objects in order to perform multiple actions at once. There are multiple tests to ensure that each class functions as it should, and an example of the command prompt object that can be run in the main.cpp files.
